Derek Warwick 17 at the moment crossing
the line while we watched Damon Hill in
the pit and here we watch Derek out on
the circuit well teammates zucchini
lesson two one 45419 Warwick is Donna
has done a 1:43 one
again just you see they under braking
the nervousness with this actively
suspended footwork muted and let that
kind of twitchiness and nervousness that
really makes a driver very very cautious
indeed and of course if you make an
error and you go off track and you stole
that's the end of the session for you
with these bumps particularly in the
first and second chicane it is so easy
to find the back of the car where the
front should be and that's and Eric
running right at the very edge now I
don't know why he did that I think that
was looking down maybe at his
instruments and not watching ahead of
him 3:24 clicks at the second
intermediate point in the circuit well
Eric nearly went off they're running
very wide indeed sparks coming from
those skid plates
into the stadium and onto this notorious
tax curve it's one of those corners that
doesn't really seem to matter what line
you take in the corner you never can
really pick up speed on the exits and
then the final two right-hand corners in
third gear and then important here too
to get the drive out of that corner
forty three point five six five and
again we see the trend that the third
lap is slower than the second
so Derek Warwick is going to come back
into the pits into tenth position on
this very last flying lap of qualifying
so his session is finished and not
because he went off the road that's
because we run out of laps Alessandro
Zanardi in tenth position on a one forty
one eight five eight and that is a very
good performance by de Nardi
because that is a very boot improvement
because he was in the 143 this morning
Alain Prost is still the fastest man on
the circuit Damon Hill is still in
second both Williams cars are in the
pits and we're going to take a small
break here on Eurosport and we hope you
join us after the messages for the last
twenty minutes of the third session in
hockenheim